README.md, before:

# Windows HOSTS File Updater Build Tool
This WIndows Application allows a PHP script to call it and create a Windows HOSTS file entry for a Dev server domain.

In addition to PH you could call the application from any type of langguage or build script.

The example below shows the basic usage to add a domain entry to my WIndows HOSTS file named `dev-project.dev`

Simply call the application `set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe` followed by a space and then the name of the desired DOmain name to add to the HOSTS file.

## Usage

    // Add record to Windows HOSTS file
    // HOSTS file C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\HOSTS
    @exec('set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe dev-project.dev');

## Whats included

- The WIndows EXE Application `set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe`
- A `demo.php` PHP test file to show usage in PHP
- A shortcut to view the HOSTS file in WIndows 7 and possibbly other WIndows versions.
- This `README.md` file to explain the library and show how to use it.

Commit message:

Created Windows-Dev-Server-HOSTS-FIle-PHP-Updater-Library.zip archive

README.md, after:

# Windows HOSTS File Updater Build Tool
This WIndows Application allows a PHP script to call it and create a Windows HOSTS file entry for a Dev server domain.

In addition to PH you could call the application from any type of langguage or build script.

The example below shows the basic usage to add a domain entry to my WIndows HOSTS file named `dev-project.dev`

Simply call the application `set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe` followed by a space and then the name of the desired DOmain name to add to the HOSTS file.

## Usage

    // Add record to Windows HOSTS file
    // HOSTS file C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\HOSTS
    @exec('set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe dev-project.dev');

## Whats Included

- The WIndows EXE Application `set-dev-server-domain-hosts-file-entry.exe`
- A `demo.php` PHP test file to show usage in PHP
- A shortcut to view the HOSTS file in WIndows 7 and possibbly other WIndows versions.
- This `README.md` file to explain the library and show how to use it.
- `Windows-Dev-Server-HOSTS-FIle-PHP-Updater-Library.zip` ZIP archive containing all the files in this library.
